The Great Japan War
This is the state of the South
Far away from the Great Japan War
Shining in the broad daylight
The people are under the banner of the ship
When they think of it, they are sad
They rush forward
They are going to destroy the enemy
Can the brave people sleep here?
In the middle of the warm night
This friend who was next to me
The red flag that flew in the broad daylight
He ran without thinking
While the military is tough
Should I abandon this?
Hold your hands tight
The Mariposa is in the middle of the desert
In the cold winter
The friend raised his face
It's for my sake, don't worry
I cried to the end
Two hearts are left
This body should not be left
Then I said I would go
Did it become a long farewell?
The battle is over, the sun is over
With the heart to return to the soul
Please live
In the middle of the desert
The empty cold city
In the pocket that returned to the country
The clock is ticking
It's a pity to be buried